## Approach 1: Hashmap

### link :

https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome


### Algorithm

1. Create a dictionary `freq` to store the frequency of each character in the string `s`.
2. Iterate over the values in `freq` and add the maximum number of characters that can be used to form a palindrome, which is `f // 2 * 2`, to `length`.
3. If `length` is even and there is at least one character with an odd frequency, add one to `length` to use it as the center of the palindrome.
4. Return `length`, which represents the length of the longest palindrome that can be built with the characters in the string.

### Time and Space Complexity

- Time complexity: O(n), where `n` is the length of the string `s`.
- Space complexity: O(k), where `k` is the number of unique characters in the string.

### Implementation

Here's the Python implementation of the hashmap approach:

```python
class Solution:
    def longestPalindrome(self, s: str) -> int:
        freq = {}
        for c in s:
            freq[c] = freq.get(c, 0) + 1
        
        length = 0
        for f in freq.values():
            length += f // 2 * 2
            if length % 2 == 0 and f % 2 == 1:
                length += 1
        
        return length
```

### Approach 2: Greedy

## Algorithm

Initialize an array count of size 128 to store the frequency of each ASCII character in the string s.
Iterate over the values in count and add the maximum number of characters that can be used to form a palindrome, which is v / 2 * 2, to ans.
If ans is even and there is at least one character with an odd frequency, add one to ans to use it as the center of the palindrome.
Return ans, which represents the length of the longest palindrome that can be built with the characters in the string.
Time and Space Complexity
Time complexity: O(n), where n is the length of the string s.
Space complexity: O(1), since the size of the array is fixed at 128.
Implementation
Here's the Python implementation of the greedy approach:

```python
class Solution:
    def longestPalindrome(self, s: str) -> int:
        count = [0] * 128
        for c in s:
            count[ord(c)] += 1
        
        ans = 0
        for v in count:
            ans += v // 2 * 2
            if ans % 2 == 0 and v % 2 == 1:
                ans += 1
        
        return ans

```
### Conclusion

Both the hashmap and greedy approaches have a time complexity of O(n), but the hashmap approach has a higher space complexity of O(k), while the greedy approach has a lower space complexity of O(1). The choice between the two approaches depends on the specific requirements of the problem and the constraints of the system.